saij change for
I mean what could I say man inside its
own fuck nigga get it crash
chitty-chitty bang-bang I'm buddy Tripp
dango like the best bang dad let the six
rainy season
DS up this boat 50 and green light speed
up catch me if you can I'm a frickin
smelly and I can food out of sand I'm
gonna blame the tool to the Empyrean cam
holding 244 Michael Shermer these tan
blue flag on my face in a raggedy man
see I don't give a fuck and I never gave
again trust no bitch and I fear no man
saw him fuck yo chick and I serve Him
branch the nerve of this man trying to
fuck with a soldier good wait get your
turn to rock to a boater it's a cold
world but my niggas making cold strong
on the niggas to be breaking the
shoulder before you licks men over game
over book goes it's the last chapter to
take over
no one's after it go
game over book closed it's the last
chapter to take over you know cuz no one
isn't going
yours big5 be warned that you got nigga
be dropped break and we don't believe
you got it cheaper than we won i won
you can't rewrite me I live by the gun
so it's one-on-one nigga three pillars
equals history got the younger the ride
I tell them get like me you see like
cars they didn't like me been banging
for a decade I've been on G been slaving
for a minute
I've been salty 100 times the American
Dream the way is so strong even scared
your face I had to break it ahead just
the Bears to be spreading the cash just
the best et but the Tanner was bringing
so he brought it to the booth next
thought I was lying they were scared of
the truth game over book goes it's the
last chapter to take over
you know it's been a long time God
getting my messy bear to your mouth on
my watch you can't shit
December 25th on my cancel Christmas
mind on my money so I'm my business
death before dishonor honor before
riches Fame uncle money money over
bitches steps before dishonor honor
before Richie dam over money and money
over bitch came over book close it's the
last chapter the table where you know
there's no one it's a gun
game over book close it's the last after
the takeover you know cuz no one it's a
gun kill me the city is
you